people and welcome to one
new video here on my channel today
it's about the whatwg as a function here
which can be activated first
you have to do it for the whatsapp
finish for this is best in the
whats app whatsapp on it for example
here goes to the app info and until then
then just force to quit
click ok
Whatsapp ended when you got that
you have done one
file manager to start the root right
can
usually in this homepage shows
that the home directory there you have to
also pure
then you have to click on data then
again on data then you have to now
the folder come whatsapp point
raussuchen the is at the communes
one as a very last coach but
below it goes on with the
movie theaters and many more
when we arrive at the word since then
then click on jared
graves and then the compott aepli
fences xml file result i have the
open with the editor and then completely
scroll down and now you see
the notes are now map that is whole
important that the code at the same time
yet paste about this mac is yes
So if we have that here now
insert the son in the video
description where she is map below
stand if that is not does not work
the hot must be below then
we can save the file from 14
go out again and whatsapp
start
this a bit longer than now
The colts function is activated here
problem here is the participation was
So the bots functions work
can currently unfortunately so no
call on where the function has
already activated
you do not know when that again
at least you have activated
now up there this abo for
chats and contacts just looks
a tree and commercially cool start
can not do anything with it
the code is below the video description
I hope you had helped again
and fallen and see you next time
again